Add tx_type to request fields (#2138)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: content/references/http-websocket-apis/public-api-methods/account-methods/account_tx.md

| `Field`            | Type                                       | Description |
|:-------------------|:-------------------------------------------|:-----------|
| `account`          | String                                     | A unique identifier for the account, most commonly the account's address. |

> | `tx_type`          | String                                     | _(Optional)_ **Clio Only** Use to filter transactions of a specific type. Case-insensitive. Supports any transaction type other than `AMM*` (See [Transaction Types](transaction-types.html).) [New in: Clio v2.0](https://github.com/XRPLF/clio/releases/tag/2.0 "BADGE_BLUE") |

Reviewer: In addition to mentioning what is **not** supported (AMM*), I think it may be helpful to list some examples of `tx_type` strings which **are** valid, something like:

```suggestion
| `tx_type`          | String                                     | _(Optional)_ **Clio Only** Return only transactions of a specific type, such as "Clawback", "AccountSet", "AccountDelete", et al. Case-insensitive. Supports any transaction type except `AMM*` (See [Transaction Types](transaction-types.html).) [New in: Clio v2.0](https://github.com/XRPLF/clio/releases/tag/2.0 "BADGE_BLUE") |
```
